---
title: "About Elise"
date: 2020-07-20T22:01:35+01:00
draft: false
---

Elise Johnson, BSc, MBAcC is a qualified and shiatsu therapist and has over 30 years of experience working with mothers and babies in clinic and teaching shiatsu baby massage, both privately and in classes.

Elise’s treatments take place in friendly, informal and pleasant surroundings and are a relaxing and pleasurable experience.

As well as effectively treating a wide range of common ailments such as back pain, joint and limb discomfort, she specialises in helping women with natural fertility : Elise has had excellent results in deploying acupuncture in conjunction with IVF treatments to increase the chances of successful pregnancy. Having been blessed with 5 children herself, she enjoys helping her patients achieve their own dreams of having children. Elise also specialises in cosmetic acupuncture, particularly in the age range of 45-55 : her wonderful rejuvenating treatment includes body shiatsu, facial acupuncture with gua sha paddles to great effect.

Elise herself is a native New Yorker with that natural zip and energy but also a friendly and empathetic approach to her patients. She obtained a BSc from Cornell University in Nutritional Science and went on to study shiatsu at the Ohashi Institute, New York City, gaining her Massage Therapist licence at the Swedish Institute, NYC. Elise moved to London in 1985 to study acupuncture at the London School of Acupuncture and Traditional Chinese Medicine and subsequently did clinic training in China where she learnt the practice of Qi Gong mentioned above.

Elise is a qualified Acupuncturist, Shiatsu and Massage therapist.  She has been a member of the British Acupuncture Council for many years and has been in practice for over  25 years.  American-born, native New Yorker, Elise acquired a degree from Cornell University in Nutritional Sciences, Ithaca New York before embarking on a career in complementary therapies.  She trained with Ohashi at the Shiatsu Education Center of America (now known as the Ohashi Institute) and gained her Massage Therapist licence at the Swedish Institute, NY. She completed her acupuncture training at the (LSATCM) London School of Acupuncture and Traditional Chinese Medicine in 1988 followed by 2 months’ clinic training in  China.  She has a wide range of experience treating women in pregnancy and postnatally and has expertise in treating babies and young children.  She has trained with Julian Scott in Paediatric Acupuncture.  Elise is married with 5 children and the Qi Gong training has helped her with her energy and lifestyle to be able to combine raising a young family. Her interest in Facial Acupuncture started in 2007 and she completed training with Radha Thambirajah. Elise was one of the original founder members of The Shiatsu College in London in 1986.  She gave up teaching after the birth of her fourth child and did post-graduate teaching for many years thereafter. She now focuses her time on her successful practice in Essex. Elise’s practice is unique as she combines acupuncture and shiatsu often in one session depending upon the needs of the client.  A case history is taken in conjunction with examination of the clients tongue and pulse to help form the basis of treatment.  Then Dietary recommendations (in terms of hot and cold nature of food)  are often included in the session.  Qi Gong exercises tailored to the individual patient are sometimes given to support the treatment.
