content/shiatsu-baby-course.md, before:

---
title: "Summer Shiatsu baby massage course"
date: 2020-07-20T21:21:21+01:00
draft: false
image: "images/shiatsu-baby-photo.png"
---

Elise is running a new, 4-week course on baby shiatsu massage.

Elise has been teaching shiatsu baby massage for decades. This photo shows Elise performing shiatsu baby massage on her third child in 1995!

Shiatsu baby massage is performed on babies from 6 weeks old upwards and promotes bonding and well-being as well as relaxing babies, mums, dads, and carers. Alongside traditional massage techniques, Elise will show you how to work with meridians and acupressure points to help issues around digestion such as colic, wind, constipation, diarrhoea, teething difficulties, sleep, rashes (including nappy rash) and chest congestion.

On top of that, **shiatsu baby mssage is fun and enjoyable** to do! Elise will make sure there is time at the end of the session to have a chat and share experiences or pick up tips. There is a Chinese saying *“treat the mother to treat the child”*. Elise intends for these group sessions to be very supportive to the mother's general well-being.

# Practical details
Sessions will last for 45 minutes to an hour and will be on the following dates:

- **9:45-10:45 on Tuesdays** 4th, 11th, 18th, 25th August
- **3:30-4:30 on Thursdays** 6th, 13th, 20th, 27th August

You can choose any four days from the above sessions to fit around your schedule.

The cost of the summer course is £40, payable in advance. Please [get in touch now](/contact) to reserve your spot -- places are limited to keep the sessions intimate and friendly.

You are welcome to attend any session as a FREE taster with no further commitment required.

Commit message:

Remove references to summer for baby massage course

content/shiatsu-baby-course.md, after:

---
title: "Shiatsu baby massage course"
date: 2020-07-20T21:21:21+01:00
draft: false
image: "images/shiatsu-baby-photo.png"
---

Elise runs a regular, 4-week course on baby shiatsu massage.

Elise has been teaching shiatsu baby massage for decades. This photo shows Elise performing shiatsu baby massage on her third child in 1995!

Shiatsu baby massage is performed on babies from 6 weeks old upwards and promotes bonding and well-being as well as relaxing babies, mums, dads, and carers. Alongside traditional massage techniques, Elise will show you how to work with meridians and acupressure points to help issues around digestion such as colic, wind, constipation, diarrhoea, teething difficulties, sleep, rashes (including nappy rash) and chest congestion.

On top of that, **shiatsu baby mssage is fun and enjoyable** to do! Elise will make sure there is time at the end of the session to have a chat and share experiences or pick up tips. There is a Chinese saying *“treat the mother to treat the child”*. Elise intends for these group sessions to be very supportive to the mother's general well-being.

# Practical details
Sessions will last for 45 minutes to an hour and will be at the following times:

- **9:45-10:45 on Tuesdays**
- **3:30-4:30 on Thursdays**

You can choose any four days to fit around your schedule.

The cost of the course is £40, payable in advance. Please [get in touch now](/contact) to find out when the next course starts. Reserve your spot quickly -- places are limited to keep the sessions intimate and friendly.

You are welcome to attend any session as a FREE taster with no further commitment required.
